h2. Current State

Working on it, gemspec file will be generated when reach a stable version.

h3. Installation Notes

h4. As a plugin.

Install the plugin:

script/plugin install git://github.com/jpemberthy/ezgraphix.git

Run the tasks: (it will move the necessary files to use the plugin)

rake ezgrahpix:setup (from your project's root.)

After the installation include the FusionCharts.js in each layout that will render ezgraphix:

<%= javascript_include_tag "FusionCharts" %>

that's it!.

h4. As a Gem.

Will add gem support soon!

h3. Usage

(this is the basic usage, I will create a blog entry with a more detailed information also rdoc will be published)

<b> In your Controller: </b>

def index

  @g = Ezgraphix::Graphic.new
  @g.data = {:ruby => 1, :perl => 2, :smalltalk => 3}

end

There are 2 ways <b> passing render options: </b>

<b>1.</b> when the Graphic object is created, you can define it also as: 

@g = Ezgraphix::Graphic.new(:w => 200, :h => 300, :c_type => 'bar3d', :div_name => 'my_chart_tag_name')

defaults are: {:c_type => 'col3d', :w => 300, :h => 300, :div_name => 'basic_graph'}
At the moment, you can render the following graphics:

Column 3D => :c_type => 'col3d'

Bar 2D => :c_type => 'bar2d'

Column 2D => :c_type => 'col2d'

<b>2.</b> Anytime you want accessing the render_options attributes.

@g.render_options(:caption => 'cool languages')

<b> In your view. </b>

Add the following line wherever you want to render the graphic.

<%= render_ezgraphix @g %>

<b> note.</b>

Full set of render_options will be specified in the rdoc, and </b>more chart's support will be included soon!.</b>

h2. EZGraphix

A ruby gem to generate flash based graphics for rails applications using a free and customizable chart's set.

Copyright (c) 2008 Juan Esteban Pemberthy, released under the MIT License.

EzGraphix uses FusionCharts Free, It's license is specified in the FusionChartsFreeLICENSE file.

Fork and feel free to contribute!

h2. LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 FIX

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
